docs: add guide for expanding existing PV (#1144)
juicedata/juicefs-csi-driver: docs/en/guide/configurations.md

      storage: 20Gi  # Specify a larger size here
```

> The above method will not affect existing PVs. If you need to expand existing PV, you must manually modify the PV to add Secret configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The above method will not affect existing PVs. If you need to expand an existing PV, you must manually update the PV to include the Secret configuration.
```
